# Mixed Messages Project

Portfolio Project #1 (January 2022)

## Table of Contents

* [Introduction](#introduction)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Examples of Use](#examples-of-use)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Future](#future)

## Introduction

This is the first portfolio project from the Full Stake Engineer Path on Codecademy. The project goal is to produce a new and randomized output every time a user runs a program. The program should output at least three different pieces of data. The project will be created in a personalized development environment, outside of the Codecademy learning suite.

For this project, the intent is to randomly select an array value in 3 arrays to generate a randomly generated sentence. The types of arrays will include:

* Animal
* Verb
* Purpose
These array values will be referenced in a string and printed to the console.

## Technologies

This project uses the Javascript language to code the program, and markdown language to formal the README.md file.

## Examples of use

Screenshots will be added once the program is running correctly.

## Project status

Finished the preiminary Javascript code the generates a random sentence on January 22, 2022.

## Future

There is some functionality that could be added in the future. A list of things I would like to change/add:

* This program can be linked to a web page where the story is generated by a user call to action button.
* Currently the array is limited to variables I predefined in the original Arrays. I would be nice to code in a prompt for the user to add 2 variables prior to clicking a call to action button, thus increasing the number of randomly generated results.
